*: make the expressions of GlobalStats consistent (#18807)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Type: Enumeration
- Default value: `dynamic`
- Possible values: `static`, `dynamic`, `static-only`, `dynamic-only`

> - Specifies whether to use `dynamic` or `static` mode for partitioned tables. Note that dynamic partitioning is effective only after full table-level statistics, or global statistics, are collected. If you enable the `dynamic` pruning mode before global statistics collection is completed, TiDB will remain in the `static` mode until global statistics are fully collected. For detailed information about global statistics, see [Collect statistics of partitioned tables in dynamic pruning mode](/statistics.md#collect-statistics-of-partitioned-tables-in-dynamic-pruning-mode). For details about the dynamic pruning mode, see [Dynamic Pruning Mode for Partitioned Tables](/partitioned-table.md#dynamic-pruning-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies whether to use `dynamic` or `static` mode for partitioned tables. Note that dynamic partitioning is effective only after full table-level statistics, or global statistics, are collected. If you enable the `dynamic` pruning mode before global statistics collection is completed, TiDB remains in the `static` mode until global statistics are fully collected. For detailed information about global statistics, see [Collect statistics of partitioned tables in dynamic pruning mode](/statistics.md#collect-statistics-of-partitioned-tables-in-dynamic-pruning-mode). For details about the dynamic pruning mode, see [Dynamic Pruning Mode for Partitioned Tables](/partitioned-table.md#dynamic-pruning-mode).
```
